PostHog vs Mixpanel (#4811)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/posthog-vs-mixpanel.md

---
date: 2022-12-05
title: PostHog vs Mixpanel
rootPage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
showTitle: true
hideAnchor: true
featuredImage: ../images/blog/posthog-engineering-blog.png
featuredImageType: full
author: ["andy-vandervell"]
categories: ["Guides", "Comparisons"]
---

> 

Reviewer: I think we should consider adding a CTA here which links to other comparisons. Or could go on the end.

Want to know how PostHog and Mixpanel are different? If you remember nothing else, remember these two points:

1. Mixpanel is a product analytics tool.

2. PostHog is an all-in-one platform that _includes_ product analytics **and** a whole bunch more.

In this guide, we'll cover:

- Mixpanel and PostHog's [core features](#core-features)
- [Privacy and compliance](#privacy--compliance) on each platform
- How they track usage and [library support](#tracking--sdks)
- [Compare available integrations](#integrations) in multiple categories
- [Answer frequently asked questions](#frequently-asked-questions) about PostHog and Mixpanel

## How is PostHog different to Mixpanel?

### 1. PostHog does more than product analytics

> Don't mistake us, product analytics is a core part of our platform, but it's just one cog in a suite of vital tools for product and data teams. When you adopt PostHog you also get session recording (with console logs), feature flagging, A/B and multivariate testing, and customizable data pipelines – all seamlessly integrated and with just one bill to pay. Don't want session recording? Just turn it off.

Reviewer 2: I'd remove the line about session recording as we absolutely want people to use session recording and see the value of our fully integrated platform (e.g. we should highlight the integrated nature more in this section)

> ### 2. It's built for engineers

Reviewer: I'd consider spinning this out into a separate intro section. A short bit on who each is built for, both in terms of persona and size of company.

Author: I'm trying to avoid loads of copy to read. Idea is to get the main points across rather than over explain everything.

Anyone can use PostHog – just [ask our marketing team](/blog/posthog-vs-amplitude) – but it's designed for engineers first. We believe engineering-led companies are the future of tech and that future requires tools that let software engineers flex their product muscles. In building a platform [product engineers](/blog/what-is-a-product-engineer) love, we're also building a platform that gives data and marketing teams unrivaled insights.

> ### 3. We're an open book

Reviewer: I'd drop this as being not really relevant factor for many users (other than engineers, meaning you can bundle with the above). Instead, I'd add here either something more focused on the apps side (rather than us being a transparent company), or on the speed we ship at.

Author: Probably going to leave as-is for now, btw. I take your point, but combining 2 and 3 becomes a bit unwieldy.

PostHog is [built on transparency](/blog/how-to-run-a-transparent-company). Our product is open source and released under an MIT License. You can read [our source code](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog), raise your own issues and PRs, and [build apps atop PostHog](/blog/how-we-built-an-app-server) to support custom data flows. Anyone can read our [company handbook](/handbook) and [how we pay people](/handbook/people/compensation).

> This guide compares Mixpanel's self-serve Growth plan with PostHog Cloud. Features available on other plans are marked as such.

> ## Features

Reviewer: I think it could even be worth starting with a high level comparison table. Something like the below, but obviously expanded a bit and styled better. 

|                         | **PostHog** | **Mixpanel** |
|-------------------------|-------------|--------------|
| **Product analytics**   |     YES     |      YES     |
| **Session recording**   |     YES     |      NO      |
| **Feature flags**       |     YES     |      NO      |
| **A/B experimentation** |     YES     |      NO      |

Author: Might give this a go. This also permits going a bit deeper on these further down.

            <td>Suggested events and properties that lead to success or failure</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Group analytics</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Understand how organizations use your product</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Open source</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-red text-lg">✖</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Build your own apps; contribute code</td>
        </tr>        
    </tbody>
</table>
</div>

- **Correlation analysis:** When viewing a funnel in PostHog, [correlation analysis](/product/correlation-analysis) automatically suggests events and properties that correlate to success or failure – e.g. "people who converted were 10x more likely to versus people who dropped off". We use transparent, testable statistical models – no phony "AI" here.

> ### Advanced features

Author: Open to ideas on a better sub-head here

Reviewer 3: Product tools?

            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-red text-lg">✖</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-red text-lg">✖</span></td>
            <td>Create in-app feature guides</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>NPS & surveys</strong></td>
			  <td className="text-center"><span className="text-red text-lg">✖</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-orange text-lg">⚠</span></td>
            <td>Create, report on surveys, gather feedback</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>
</div>

- **Experiments:** Mixpanel offers an experiments feature in its Enterprise plan, but it's limited to running simple A/B tests. Users on Mixpanel's Growth plan can integrate with third-party testing tools like AB Tasty or Convert and analyze results in Mixpanel. PostHog's experimentation suite supports A/B and multivariate tests using our integrated feature flagging.

- **Feature flagging:** Mixpanel doesn't have any built-in feature flag functionality, but there are official integrations for Flagsmith, GrowthBook, and others. See: [What are the benefits of an all-in-one platform?](anchor-link-here)

> - **NPS & surveys:** PostHog doesn't have a built-in survey feature, but it's easy to [create your own surveys and send the results to PostHog for analysis](/tutorials/survey).

Reviewer 3: We have the feedback app: https://github.com/PostHog/feedback-app

Author: @joethreepwood Is this one of the ones you're doing an app page for at the moment?

> ## Privacy, Admin & Security

Author: Unsure whether to have this section high up or near the end.

Reviewer: End

            <td>Remove personally identifiable information for privacy</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Self-hosting option</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-red text-lg">✖</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Self-host and keep complete control of your data</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Cookie-less tracking option</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-red text-lg">✖</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Use analytics without cookie consent banners</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>
</div>

- **Self-hosting:** While we recommend most customers use PostHog Cloud, PostHog can be self-hosted on your own infrastructure so you keep control of all your data. This is useful for businesses that handle highly sensitive information, such as defense or health data, but it is more expensive than using PostHog Cloud. See: [Who should self-host PostHog?](#who-should-selfhost-posthog)

> - **HIPAA compliance:** Both Mixpanel and PostHog will sign a Business Associate Agreement if you require HIPAA compliance, [subject to conditions](anchor-link-here). Self-hosting PostHog is also a popular option for companies handling personal health information.

Reviewer 4: We do say in our [terms](https://posthog.com/terms) that we'll sign a BAA for Cloud (presumably at our discretion). Should we remove that from our terms? I don't think anyone has ever asked for it.

> - **HIPAA compliance:** Both Mixpanel and PostHog will sign a Business Associate Agreement if you require HIPAA compliance, [subject to conditions](anchor-link-here). Self-hosting PostHog is also a popular option for companies handling personal health information.

Reviewer 2: We should likely pull that as PostHog Cloud isn't HIPAA compliant yet

> - **HIPAA compliance:** Both Mixpanel and PostHog will sign a Business Associate Agreement if you require HIPAA compliance, [subject to conditions](anchor-link-here). Self-hosting PostHog is also a popular option for companies handling personal health information.

Reviewer 4: Ok in that case I'm going to:

- Remove reference to BAAs for Cloud in our Terms page
- Update [this page](https://posthog.com/docs/privacy/hipaa-compliance) in the docs to remove reference to signing BAAs for Cloud by emailing sales@

Sound good?

> - **HIPAA compliance:** Both Mixpanel and PostHog will sign a Business Associate Agreement if you require HIPAA compliance, [subject to conditions](anchor-link-here). Self-hosting PostHog is also a popular option for companies handling personal health information.

Author: Ok, glad we cleared that up. Might have to go back and update some other stuff I updated based on this change.

            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Track related events as a single trackable action</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Reverse proxy available</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Send events from your own domain</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Cross-domain tracking</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Track users across domains and sub-domains</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Server-side tracking</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Send events from your server</td>

>         </tr>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        </tr>
                <tr>
            <td><strong>Capture API</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Send events through an API</td>
        </tr>
```

    </tbody>
</table>
</div>

> ### Why autocapture?

Reviewer 3: Makes more sense here, but you should move the Tracking section up

Some would have you believe that autocapture generates "too much data" that's hard to deal with. Our answer?

To quote Tony Stark: “An intelligence agency which fears intelligence is, historically, not awesome.”

[add diagram here based on Heap one]

### Client libraries

<div className="overflow-x-auto -mx-5 px-5">
<table className="w-full mt-4" style="min-width: 600px;">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <td className="w-3/12"></td>
            <td><strong>Mixpanel</strong></td>
            <td><strong>PostHog</strong></td>
            <td></td>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>JavaScript</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Recommended for full PostHog functionality</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>React Native</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>

>             <td>PostHog: Session recording not available</td>

Author: Hmm, yeah, I'll have a play around this. Challenge with doing that is it disrupts the consistency a little bit, which could make it confusing.

            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>PostHog: Event tracking and user identification only</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Unity</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-red text-lg">✖</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Event tracking for game developers</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>
</div>

- **JavaScript snippet:** All client libraries support event tracking and user identification for product analytics, but we recommend using PostHog's JavaScript snippet to enjoy all our features. Our iOS libraries also support feature flagging and group analytics. See our [client library documentation](/docs/integrate/client/snippet-installation) for more information.

- **Mobile app session recordings:** We don't currently support session recording in mobile apps, but it's currently under consideration as a project for our session recording team. See our [public roadmap](/roadmap) for more info.

> - **Unity:** We don't have a Unity SDK yet but, just like Unity, we're open-source, so anyone can create one. See our [contribution guidelines](/docs/contribute) for more info.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Unity:** We don't have a Unity SDK yet, as we're open-source, anyone can create one. See our [contribution guidelines](/docs/contribute) for more info.
```

            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>PostHog: Supports events, feature flags, user ID, and group analytics</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Elixir</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-red text-lg">✖</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>PostHog: Community maintained</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>
</div>

## Integrations

Mixpanel claims over 50 official integrations covering a wide-range of use cases. Given its focus on product analytics alone, many of these integrations connect to third-party tools for A/B testing, feature flag, and marketing.

The [PostHog app store](/apps) has over 50 apps as well, though not all of these are integrations with external tools. PostHog doesn't natively connect with A/B testing or feature flag tools as these features are built into PostHog itself.

**Categories:**

- [Data Export](#data-export) 
- [Data Import](#data-import)
- [Dev Tools & Support](#dev-tools--support) 
- [Marketing & Sales](#marketing--sales)

> - [Alerts & Automation](#alerts--automation)

Author: Interested in feedback on categories here. Anything you'd change?

Also, are there integrations etc. that should be mentioned in the tables **even if we don't have them yet**.

Reviewer: Site apps and front end apps

Author: Only slight problem to adding them is we don't have many actual examples atm.

Only one in the app store currently is Pineapple mode.

            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Send alerts and reports to Teams</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>n8n</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-red text-lg">✖</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Open source workflow automation</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Twilio</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-red text-lg">✖</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Automate SMS alerts on events</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Zapier</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Automate workflows on events</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>
</div>

> ## Frequently asked questions

Author: Haven't finished this yet, but interested in any common questions that come up (on Slack, demos etc.) that we should cover here.

Reviewer 3: - As PostHog is for devs, does it take more time to set up: https://posthogusers.slack.com/archives/C01GLBKHKQT/p1665087867384459
- How do you migrate historical data from Mixpanel to PostHog: https://posthogusers.slack.com/archives/CTLTM70RM/p1660820207822279
- Lots of comments on how funnels are different (not really a general question though)
- How do either of these compare to GA: https://posthogusers.slack.com/archives/CT7HXDEG3/p1632178283215200?thread_ts=1632132507.199900&cid=CT7HXDEG3

---
date: 2022-12-05
title: PostHog vs Mixpanel
rootPage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
showTitle: true
hideAnchor: true
featuredImage: ../images/blog/posthog-engineering-blog.png
featuredImageType: full
author: ["andy-vandervell"]
categories: ["Guides", "Comparisons"]
---

Want to know how PostHog and Mixpanel are different? If you remember nothing else, remember these two points:

1. Mixpanel is a product analytics tool.

2. PostHog is an all-in-one platform that _includes_ product analytics **and** a whole bunch more.

In this guide, we'll cover:

- Mixpanel and PostHog's [core features](#features)
- How they [track usage](#tracking--sdks) and [library support](#client-libraries)
- [Available integrations](#integrations) across multiple categories
- [Privacy compliance](#privacy-compliance) and [admin options](#admin--security) 
- [Frequently asked questions](#frequently-asked-questions) about PostHog and Mixpanel

## How is PostHog different to Mixpanel?

### 1. PostHog does more than product analytics

> Don't mistake us, product analytics is a core part of our platform, but it's just one cog in a suite of vital tools for product and data teams. When you adopt PostHog you also get session recording (with console logs), feature flagging, A/B and multivariate testing, and customizable data pipelines – all seamlessly integrated and with just one bill to pay.

Author: Good points. Might drop the first bit altogether, tbh.

> Don't mistake us, product analytics is a core part of our platform, but it's just one cog in a suite of vital tools for product and data teams. When you adopt PostHog you also get session recording (with console logs), feature flagging, A/B and multivariate testing, and customizable data pipelines – all seamlessly integrated and with just one bill to pay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't mistake us, product analytics are a core part of our platform, but it's just one cog in a suite of vital tools for product and data teams. When you adopt PostHog you also get session recording (with console logs), feature flagging, A/B and multivariate testing, and customizable data pipelines – all seamlessly integrated, and with just one bill to pay.
```

> Don't mistake us, product analytics is a core part of our platform, but it's just one cog in a suite of vital tools for product and data teams. When you adopt PostHog you also get session recording (with console logs), feature flagging, A/B and multivariate testing, and customizable data pipelines – all seamlessly integrated and with just one bill to pay.

Author: ```suggestion
Product analytics is a core part of our platform, but it's just one cog in a suite of vital tools for product and data teams. When you adopt PostHog you also get session recording (with console logs), feature flagging, A/B and multivariate testing, and customizable data pipelines – all seamlessly integrated.
```

            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Push and pull data to enrich customer profiles</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Open source</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-red text-lg">✖</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Build your own apps and contribute code</td>
        </tr>        
    </tbody>
</table>
</div>

- **Experiments:** Mixpanel offers an experiments feature in its Enterprise plan, but it's limited to running simple A/B tests. PostHog's experimentation suite supports A/B and multivariate tests using our integrated feature flagging. Visit our [experimentation product page](/product/experimentation-suite) for more info.

- **Feature flagging:** Mixpanel doesn't have any built-in feature flag functionality. PostHog supports unlimited flags for free, and targeting by percentage or user properties. Visit [our feature flag page](/product/feature-flags) for more information.

> - **Session recording:** PostHog offers 15,000 session recordings per month for free. Sensitive data can be obscured from recordings using CSS classes. Visit our [session recording page](/product/session-recording) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Session recording:** PostHog offers 15,000 session recordings (with console logs) per month for free. Visit our [session recording page](/product/session-recording) for more information.
```

            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Use custom formulas to calculate unique insights</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>SQL query editor</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-red text-lg">✖</span></td>
            <td className="text-center">Coming Q1 2023</td>
            <td>Write your own queries in SQL</td>
        </tr>          
    </tbody>
</table>
</div>

- **Correlation analysis:** When viewing a funnel in PostHog, [correlation analysis](/product/correlation-analysis) automatically suggests events and properties that correlate to success or failure – e.g. "people who converted were 10x more likely to versus people who dropped off". We use transparent, testable statistical models – no phony "AI" here.

- **SQL query editor:** Mixpanel doesn't support SQL queries, instead opting for its own query language, JQL (JavaScript Query Language). PostHog's SQL query editor is [currently in development](/PostHog/posthog/issues/12352).

## Tracking & SDKs

> PostHog and Mixpanel both support a broad range of tracking options and libraries. The main difference is PostHog supports event autocapture, so you don't have to manually instrument all your events to track them,

Author: ```suggestion
PostHog and Mixpanel both support a broad range of tracking options and libraries, and manual event instrumentation. But PostHog also supports event autocapture, so you don't have to manually instrument all your events to track them,
```

            <td>PostHog: Event tracking and user identification only</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>iOS (Swift)</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>PostHog: Autocapture and session recording not available</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>iOS (Objective-C)</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>PostHog: Autocapture and session recording not available</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Android</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>PostHog: Event tracking and user identification only</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Unity</strong></td>

>             <td className="text-center"><span className="text-red text-lg">✖</span></td>

Author: ```suggestion
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
```

>             <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-red text-lg">✖</span></td>
```
Just because we can connect to unity doesn't mean we have a client library for them (in my opinion)

Author: Ah, this is an error, should be the other way around. Mixpanel supports it, we don't.

            <td>Event tracking for game developers</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>
</div>

> - **JavaScript snippet:** All client libraries support event tracking and user identification for product analytics, but we recommend using PostHog's JavaScript snippet to enjoy all our features. Our iOS libraries also support feature flagging and group analytics. See our [client library documentation](/docs/integrate/client/snippet-installation) for more information.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **JavaScript snippet:** All client libraries support event tracking and user identification for product analytics, but we recommend using PostHog's JavaScript snippet to enjoy all our features. See our [client library documentation](/docs/integrate/client/snippet-installation) for more information.
```

- **Mobile app session recordings:** We don't currently support session recording in mobile apps, but it's currently under consideration as a project for our session recording team. See our [public roadmap](/roadmap) for more info.

- **Unity:** We don't have a Unity SDK yet but, as we're open-source, anyone can create one. See our [contribution guidelines](/docs/contribute) for more info.

### Server libraries

> Some PostHog features, such as session recording and autocapture, are only available via our client-side libraries.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Some PostHog features, such as session recording and autocapture, are only available via our client-side libraries.

Reviewer 3: This should be a note below the table to be consistent with client libraries IMO

            <td className="text-center">Beta</td>
            <td>PostHog: Support events and user ID</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>PHP</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>PostHog: Supports events, feature flags, user ID, and group analytics</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Ruby</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>PostHog: Supports events, feature flags, user ID, and group analytics</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Elixir</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-red text-lg">✖</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>PostHog: Community maintained</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>
</div>

> 

Author: ```suggestion

Some PostHog features, such as session recording and autocapture, are only available via our client-side libraries.
```

## Integrations

Mixpanel claims over 50 official integrations covering a wide-range of use cases. Given its focus on product analytics alone, many of these integrations connect to third-party tools for A/B testing, feature flag, and marketing use cases.

> The [PostHog App Store](/apps) has over 50 apps as well, though not all of these are integrations with external tools. PostHog doesn't natively connect with A/B testing or feature flag tools as these features are built into PostHog itself.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The [PostHog App Store](/apps) has over 50 apps as well, though not all of these are integrations with external tools. Some are apps that modify data flows or add components to your frontend. PostHog doesn't natively connect with A/B testing or feature flag tools as these features are built into PostHog itself.
```

            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Create custom alerts based on thresholds</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Sentry</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-red text-lg">✖</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Connect errors to individual users</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Retool</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-red text-lg">✖</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Build internal tools using your usage data</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Zendesk</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Track tickets as events, add context to tickets</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>
</div>

### Marketing & sales

> Both platforms support a wide-range of sales and marketing tools to support automation flows and syncing of user data.

Author: ```suggestion
Both platforms integration with a wide-range of sales and marketing tools to support automation flows and user data synchronization. 
```

        <tr>
            <td><strong>Multiple projects</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-green text-lg">✔</span></td>
            <td>Track multiple products and domains</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Private projects</strong></td>
            <td className="text-center"><span className="text-red text-lg">✖</span></td>
            <td className="text-center">Enterprise</td>
            <td>Create hidden projects with user permissions</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>
</div>

- **PostHog Enterprise:** Our [Enterprise tier](/enterprise) includes single sign-on, private projects, and a dedicated Slack support channel.

## Frequently asked questions

- [Who should self-host PostHog?](#who-should-self-host-posthog)
- [How long does it take to deploy PostHog?](#how-long-does-it-take-to-deploy-posthog)
- [Does PostHog user cookies?](#does-posthog-use-cookies)
- [How much does PostHog cost?](#how-much-does-posthog-cost)
- [How much does Mixpanel cost?](#how-much-does-mixpanel-cost)

### Who should self-host PostHog?

> We recommend 95% of companies use [PostHog Cloud](/pricing) – it's fully-managed by us and you can choose [PostHog Cloud EU](/eu) if you need to keep data within the EU. The most common reasons for choosing to self-host PostHog are companies that handle very sensitive data, such as medical and or defense information. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We recommend 95% of companies use [PostHog Cloud](/pricing) – it's fully-managed by us and you can choose [PostHog Cloud EU](/eu) if you need to keep data within the EU. The most common reasons for choosing to self-host PostHog are companies that handle very sensitive data, such as medical or defense information. 
```

> Enterprises looking to self-host will require an infrastructure team knowledgeable in Kubernetes and ClickHouse. Our [partner directory](/partners) includes third-party specialists who can support self-hosted deployments. Please [book a call](book-a-demo) to discuss your options and whether self-hosting is right for you.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Enterprises looking to self-host will require an infrastructure team knowledgeable in Kubernetes and ClickHouse. See our [enterprise self-hosted docs](/docs/self-host/enterprise/overview) and [book a call](book-a-demo) to discuss your options and whether self-hosting is right for you. We also have a [partner directory](/partners) includes third-party specialists who can support self-hosted deployments.
```

Both Mixpanel and PostHog also support anonymizing data, while the PostHog [Property Filter app](/apps/property-filter) allows you to limit the types of information collected to protect user privacy.

### How much does PostHog cost?

We believe in transparent pricing, which is why [our pricing page](/pricing) includes an easy-to-understand pricing calculator.

PostHog Cloud includes a generous 1 million events and 15,000 session recordings per month for **free, every month** with **no feature limitations**.

A typical, medium-size B2B product with 10,000 monthly active users, who generate: 

- 100 events each per month
- 5 sessions each per month

Would use:

- 1 million events per month
- 50,000 session recordings

Discounts for annual contracts are available on application.

### How much does Mixpanel cost?

Mixpanel prices based on "Monthly Track Users" (MTUs) and applies a limit of 1,000 events per MTU. A company with 10,000 MTUs would pay $190 per month, or £133 per month if you pay annually.

> Mixpanel also offers a free tier with a 100k MTU limit, however it applies numerous feature limits – e.g. you can create but **not save** cohorts.

Reviewer: No CTA at the end of the article?

Author: See my earlier comment. CTAs are the last thing I'm going to add, just trying to get the content right atm.
